# Code for the article "Projected Least-Squares Quantum Process Tomography"

Uses: 
`numpy (1.20.2), scipy (1.6.2), numexpr (2.7.3), tables (3.6.1), pandas (1.2.4), collections, jupyter (1.0.0)`

The experiments were generated via:
* the notebook `Article experiments.ipynb` for all the experiments in the numerics section.
* the notebook `Graphes.ipynb` for all the figures.
* the scripts `auto*.py` for the experiments on 7 qubits.
* the notebook `dual_propre.ipynb` contains the experiment from Section 6.7., with the dual approach.

The notebook `Tutorial.ipynb` is an introduction to using the simulation code for your own purposes.

The underlying code is divided in the following files:
* `experiment_generation.py` contains the main function to generate a simulation and store its results, with many options. The function `retrieve_main` allows to easily retrieve the most useful data.
* `_projections_with_introspection.py` contains the projections used for the simulations, with the code to store relevant intermediate information in files.
* `channels.py` contains the tools to generate channels defined by their Kraus operators, and convert them to Choi matrices if needed.
* `data_generation.py` contains the tools to generate sampling data from a channel and a measurement strategy.
* `_old_projections.py` contains older projection ideas, including pureHIP and oneHIP from Figure 5.
* `projections.py` contains the elementary projections on completely positive and on trace-preserving channels. They are used in `_projections_with_introspection.py`. On the other hand, the other projections are old versions: for the article, only the versions in `_projections_with_introspection.py` were updated.
* `miscellaneous.py` are helper functions not fitting the classification.
* `old_ideas.py` contains older potentially interesting implementations.

The code is not numerically stable, so results might differ (without impact on the overall quality) on different computers.

The data generated by the experiments is available upon request. Notice, however, that the available notebooks should allow you to reproduce it pretty fast.
